In our previous example,
we only really cared about one of the three angles in the triangle.
And when we're solving trig problems,
we generally only care about one angle at a time.
We're going to call this angle, the reference angle.
And in the previous example,
reference angle was 53.13 degrees.
Now I want to consider some generic reference angle, which we'll just call a theta.
When we have a right triangle and some reference angle,
we'd like a way to refer unambiguously to the three sites,
and the naming convention we use in trig goes like this.
The longest side of the right triangle is always called the hypotenuse.
The side on the right, the one that's opposite the reference angle,
well that's just called the opposite.
And this last remaining side,
the one that's next to the reference angle,
well we call that the adjacent side.